Item 1.Business
Overview
Our mission is to build the future of human connection and the technology that makes it possible. Our products enable people to connect and share through mobile devices, personal computers, virtual reality (VR) headsets, and AI glasses. We are innovating in artificial intelligence (AI) technologies to build transformative experiences and capabilities across our Family of Apps and new platforms, and to advance our vision to deliver personal superintelligence for everyone.We build technology that helps people connect and share, find and build communities, and grow businesses. We also help people discover and learn about what is going on in the world around them, enable people to share their experiences, ideas, photos, videos, and other content with audiences ranging from their closest family members and friends to the public at large, and stay connected everywhere by accessing our products. Meta is moving our offerings beyond 2D screens toward immersive experiences like augmented and virtual reality to help build the next computing platform. Our vision does not center on any single product, but rather an entire ecosystem of experiences, devices, and new technologies powered by AI. While the metaverse is in the very early stages of its development, we believe it will become the next computing platform and the future of social interaction. Across our work, we are innovating to build new experiences that help make our platform more social, useful, and immersive. Our AI investments support initiatives across our products and services, helping power the systems that rank content in our apps, our discovery engine that recommends relevant content, the tools advertisers use to reach customers, the development of new generative AI experiences, and the tools that make our product development more efficient and productive. We are also working to develop the next generation of AI models and advance our vision to build superintelligence, which we define as AI that surpasses human intelligence. Although it is inherently difficult to predict when superintelligence may be achieved, we are investing now because we believe this has the potential to begin a new era of individual empowerment, where people can direct superintelligence towards what they value in their own lives.
Family of Apps Products
•Facebook. Facebook helps give people the power to build community and bring the world closer together. It's a place for people to share life's moments and discuss what's happening, nurture and build relationships, discover and connect to people with shared interests, and create economic opportunity. They can do this through Feed, Reels, Stories, Groups, Marketplace, and more.•Instagram. Instagram brings people closer to the people and things they love. Instagram Feed, Stories, Reels, Live, and messaging are places where people and creators can connect and express themselves through photos, video, and private messaging, and discover and shop from their favorite businesses. •Messenger. Messenger is a simple yet powerful messaging application for people to connect with friends, family, communities, and businesses across platforms and devices through text, audio, and video calls.•Meta AI. Meta AI is an assistant that's available across our apps, as a stand-alone app, on our AI glasses, and on the web. It's designed to help people learn, get things done, create content, and connect with others to make the most of every moment.•Threads. Threads is an application for text-based updates and public conversations, where communities come together to discuss topics of interest. People can connect directly with their favorite creators and others who love the same things or build a loyal following of their own to share their ideas, opinions, and creativity with the world.•WhatsApp. WhatsApp is a simple, reliable, and secure messaging application that is used by people and businesses around the world to communicate and transact in a private way. Within WhatsApp we launched WhatsApp Channels, a one-to-many broadcast service designed to help people follow information from people and organizations that are important to them.
Reality Labs Products
Many of our Reality Labs investments are directed toward long-term, cutting edge research and development for products that are not on the market today and may only be fully realized in the next decade. This includes exploring innovations in AI and hardware to help build next-generation interfaces. In the near term, we are continuing to develop products and experiences that help people feel connected, anytime, anywhere. Our current product offerings in VR include our Meta Quest devices, as well as software and content available through the Meta Horizon Store, which enable a range of social experiences that allow people to defy physical distance while engaging in gaming, fitness, entertainment, and more. To drive greater adoption and acceptance of VR we have introduced passthrough capabilities, which allow users to experience the immersion and presence of VR while still being grounded in the physical world, through our Meta Quest devices. Our wearables efforts include our AI glasses and long-term AR initiatives. Our current AI glasses include the Ray-Ban Meta and Oakley Meta glasses, which feature Meta AI, our advanced conversational assistant, as well as other features such as hands-free interaction. As we continue our long-term efforts to bring AR glasses to market, in 2024 we also unveiled our Orion prototype, a pair of true AR glasses that overlay content on top of the physical world. It does this with an industry-leading field of view and in glasses form factor for comfortable wear. In 2025, we introduced Meta Ray-Ban Display, which combines our AI glasses with an integrated display built into the lens. It comes with the Meta Neural Band, which is a wrist-worn wearable device that uses electromyography to let people control their AI glasses using neuromuscular signals.In general, our Reality Labs efforts include shorter-term projects developing specific products and services to go to market, as well as longer-term research and development projects. All of these investments are part of our long-term initiative to help build the next computing platform. In 2026, we expect to spend approximately 70% of our Reality Labs operating expenses on our wearables initiatives, and the remaining 30% on our VR and Horizon initiatives. We apply significant judgment in estimating this expense breakdown as there are certain shared costs across product lines, and our expectations are subject to change, including as the next computing platform and our business strategies evolve. In particular, we regularly evaluate our product roadmaps and make significant changes as our understanding of the technological challenges and market landscape and our product ideas and designs evolve.
Revenue and Investments
We report financial results for two segments: Family of Apps (FoA) and Reality Labs (RL). Currently, we generate substantially all of our revenue from selling advertising placements on our family of apps to marketers, which is reflected in FoA. Ads on our platform enable marketers to reach people across a range of marketing objectives, such as generating leads or driving awareness. Marketers purchase ads that can appear in multiple places including on Facebook, Instagram, Messenger, Threads, and WhatsApp, as well as third-party applications and websites. RL generates revenue from sales of consumer hardware products, software, and content. We invest in our business based on our company priorities. In 2026, we intend to focus on several key investment areas: AI, Reels and our discovery engine, wearables, monetization of our products and services, youth, platform integrity and community support, and infrastructure capacity. The majority of our investments are directed toward developing our family of apps. In 2025, 82% of our total costs and expenses were recognized in FoA and 18% were recognized in RL. Our FoA investments were $96.29 billion in 2025 and include expenses relating to headcount, data centers and technical infrastructure as part of our efforts to develop our apps and our advertising services. We are also making significant investments in our RL efforts, including developing virtual and augmented reality devices, software for social platforms, neural interfaces, and other foundational technologies. Our total RL investments were $21.40 billion in 2025 and include expenses relating to headcount and technology development across these efforts. These are fundamentally new technologies that we expect will evolve as the next computing platform develops, and many products may only be fully realized in the next decade. Although it is inherently difficult to predict when and how the next computing platform will develop, we expect our RL segment to continue to operate at a loss for the foreseeable future, and our ability to support our efforts to build the next computing platform is dependent on generating sufficient profits from other areas of our business. We expect this will be a complex, evolving, and long-term initiative. We are investing now because we believe this is the next chapter of the internet and will unlock monetization opportunities for businesses, developers, and creators, including around advertising, hardware, and digital goods.
Competition
Our business is characterized by innovation, rapid change, and disruptive technologies. We compete with companies providing connection, sharing, discovery, and communication products and services to users online, as well as companies that sell advertising to businesses looking to reach consumers and/or develop tools and systems for managing and optimizing advertising campaigns. We face significant competition in every aspect of our business, including, but not limited to, companies that facilitate the ability of users to create, share, communicate, and discover content and information online or enable marketers to reach their existing or prospective audiences. We compete to attract, engage, and retain people who use our products, to attract and retain businesses that use our free or paid business and advertising services, and to attract and retain developers who build compelling applications that integrate with our products. We also compete with companies in the development and application of AI, particularly with respect to the development of frontier AI models, as well as the development and delivery of consumer hardware and augmented and virtual reality products and services. We also expect to face additional competition as we introduce or acquire new products, as our existing products evolve, or as other companies introduce new products and services, including as part of efforts to innovate through the development and application of AI and other new technologies as well as efforts to develop the metaverse.
Technology
Our product development philosophy centers on continuous innovation in creating and improving products that are social by design, which means that our products are designed to place people and their social interactions at the core of the product experience. Historically, the increases in our computing needs have been driven by growth in our user base as well as engagement with products like video and VR. Our increased efforts toward building frontier AI models have driven a significant further expansion in our computing needs and we expect our computing needs to continue to expand as a result. We have designed and built our own data centers and key portions of our technical infrastructure, and a substantial portion of our technical infrastructure is also provided by third parties. Our ability to provide and continue to innovate our products and services depends on the continued availability of components, power, and network capacity.We make significant investments in technology both to improve our existing products and services and to develop new ones, as well as for our marketers and developers. We are also investing in protecting the security, privacy, and integrity of our platform by investing in both people and technology to strengthen our systems against abuse. Across all of these efforts, we are making significant investments in AI initiatives, including generative AI and superintelligence, to, among other things, recommend relevant content across our products through our AI-powered discovery engine, enhance our advertising tools and improve our ad delivery, targeting, and measurement capabilities, and to develop new products as well as new features for existing products.We have a history of open-sourcing in AI, including releasing our Llama foundation models as well as other models and tools, and continue to believe in the power of open source innovation. By sharing these resources, we aim to accelerate AI research, improve our products, and foster innovation across the tech community. We have not released everything we have developed historically and expect to continue training a combination of open and closed models going forward.
Sales and Operations
The majority of our marketers use our self-service ad platform to launch and manage their advertising campaigns. We also have a global sales force that is focused on attracting and retaining advertisers and providing support to them throughout the stages of the marketing cycle from pre-purchase decision-making to real-time optimizations to post-campaign analytics. We work directly with these advertisers, as well as through advertising agencies and resellers. We operate offices in more than 90 cities around the globe, the majority of which have a sales presence. We also invest in and rely on self-service tools to provide direct customer support to our users and partners.For our RL products, our sales efforts utilize third-party sales channels such as retailers, resellers, and distribution partners, and our direct-to-consumer channel, Meta.com, and several Meta stores. These efforts are focused on driving consumer and enterprise sales and adoption of our Meta Quest portfolio of products and AI glasses.
Marketing
Historically, our communities have generally grown organically with people inviting their friends to connect with them, supported by internal efforts to stimulate awareness and interest. In addition, we have invested and will continue to invest in marketing our products and services to grow our brand and help build community around the world.
Intellectual Property
To establish and protect our proprietary rights, we rely on a combination of patents, trademarks, copyrights, trade secrets, including know-how, license agreements, confidentiality procedures, non-disclosure agreements with third parties, employee disclosure and invention assignment agreements, and other contractual rights. In addition, to further protect our proprietary rights, from time to time we have purchased patents and patent applications from third parties. We do not believe that our proprietary technology is dependent on any single patent or copyright or groups of related patents or copyrights. We believe the duration of our patents is adequate relative to the expected lives of our products.
Government Regulation
We are subject to a variety of laws and regulations in the United States and abroad that involve matters central to our business, many of which are still evolving and being tested in courts, and could be interpreted in ways that could harm our business. These laws and regulations involve matters including privacy, data use, data combination, data protection and personal information, the provision of our services to younger users, biometrics, encryption, rights of publicity, content, integrity, intellectual property, advertising, marketing, distribution, data security, data retention and deletion, data localization and storage, data disclosure, AI and machine learning, electronic contracts and other communications, competition, protection of minors, consumer protection, civil rights, accessibility, telecommunications, product liability, medical devices, e-commerce, taxation, economic or other trade controls including sanctions, export controls, anti-corruption and political law compliance, securities law compliance, and online payment services. The introduction of new products, expansion of our activities in certain jurisdictions, or other actions that we may take may subject us to additional laws, regulations, or other government scrutiny. These U.S. federal and state, EU, and other international laws and regulations may impose different obligations from each other and create the potential for significant fines to be imposed, including fines that increasingly may be calculated based on global revenue, or other consequences such as changes to our products or business practices. The application, interpretation, and enforcement of these laws and regulations are often uncertain, particularly in the new and rapidly evolving industry in which we operate, and may be interpreted and applied inconsistently from jurisdiction to jurisdiction and inconsistently with our current policies and practices. For additional information about government regulation applicable to our business, see Part I, Item 1A, "Risk Factors" and Item 3, "Legal Proceedings" in this Annual Report on Form 10-K.
Human Capital
At Meta, everything we do is about helping people feel connected and closer, and we are proud of our unique company culture. We had a global workforce of 78,865 employees as of December 31, 2025, and we have offices in more than 90 cities around the world. We are committed to fostering an enriching environment for our workforce and we are focused on supporting our people in doing the best work of their careers. We offer competitive compensation and a wide range of benefits, including many learning and development resources.From time to time, we implement organizational changes to pursue greater efficiency and realign our business and strategic priorities. For example, we have previously undertaken cost reduction efforts such as scaling back budgets, reducing company perks, shrinking our real estate footprint, and employee layoffs and restructurings. We make it a priority to treat outgoing employees with respect and provide a generous severance package. For U.S. employees, that includes severance payments, payment for all remaining paid time off, and restricted stock unit vesting through their last day on payroll, as well as certain continuing coverage of the cost of healthcare for employees and their families, career services with an external vendor, and immigration support. We offer similar support for outgoing employees outside of the United States while taking into account local employment laws.
Employee Learning and Development
We value our investment in growing and keeping a highly skilled workforce. We aim to make AI utilization core to the way we operate by providing our personnel access to AI tools and training programs. We provide our employees with regular performance reviews twice a year as we believe it is an important part of how we support their growth and career development while also recognizing and rewarding their impact at Meta. We also offer career development opportunities and work experience programs that extend beyond the physical and virtual classroom. To do this, we utilize various learning modalities, such as live virtual and in-person learning experiences, on-demand e-learning, self-service resources, learning communities, and coaching engagements.
The Pulse of Our Workforce
We conduct company-wide employee surveys twice a year to help us understand how employees feel about working at Meta and what we can do to improve their experience. Our surveys help us measure company, manager, team, and personal experience over time. Further, our more frequent surveys, such as those that have been administered daily to an ongoing random sample of employees, allow us to measure real-time sentiment around emerging events and company changes. These surveys are designed to invite feedback and actionable suggestions, inform decisions, and drive change across the company.
Compensation, Benefits, Health, and Well-being
We offer competitive compensation to attract and retain the best people, and we help care for our people so they can focus on our mission. Our employees' total compensation package includes market-competitive salary, bonuses or sales incentives, and equity. We generally offer full-time employees equity at the time of hire and through annual equity grants because we want them to be owners of the company and committed to our long-term success.Through Life@ Meta, our holistic approach to benefits, we continue to provide our employees and their dependents with resources to help them thrive. We offer a wide range of benefits across areas such as health, family, finance, community, and time away, including family building benefits, family care resources, retirement savings plans, access to legal services, Meta Resource Groups to build community at Meta, and health and well-being benefits. Our health and well-being programs are designed to give employees a choice of flexible benefits to help them reach their personal well-being goals. Our programs are tailored to help boost employee physical and mental health, create financial peace of mind, provide support for families, and help employees build a strong community.
The Strength of Our Workforce and People Processes
We work to build an inclusive workplace where we can leverage our collective cognitive diversity to build the best products and make the best decisions for the global community we serve. We want our products to work for people around the world and we need to grow and keep the best talent in order to do that. We remain committed to having an inclusive workplace and people with a broad range of knowledge, skills, political views, backgrounds, and perspectives because we believe cognitive diversity fuels innovation. To aid in this effort, we continue to implement ways to mitigate potential bias in our people processes and tooling, including our hiring processes and performance management systems.
Corporate Information
We were incorporated in Delaware in July 2004. We completed our initial public offering in May 2012 and our Class A common stock is currently listed on the Nasdaq Global Select Market under the symbol "META." Our principal executive offices are located at 1 Meta Way, Menlo Park, California 94025, and our telephone number is (650) 543-4800.Meta, the Meta logo, Meta Quest, Meta Horizon, Facebook, Instagram, WhatsApp, Reels, and our other registered or common law trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10-K are the property of Meta Platforms, Inc. or its affiliates. Other trademarks, service marks, or trade names appearing in this Annual Report on Form 10‑K are the property of their respective owners.
Available Information
Our Annual Reports on Form 10-K, Quarterly Reports on Form 10-Q, Current Reports on Form 8-K, and amendments to reports filed pursuant to Sections 13(a) and 15(d) of the Securities Exchange Act of 1934, as amended (Exchange Act), are filed with the U.S. Securities and Exchange Commission (SEC). We are subject to the informational requirements of the Exchange Act and file or furnish reports, proxy statements, and other information with the SEC. Such reports and other information filed by us with the SEC are available free of charge on our website at investor.atmeta.com when such reports are available on the SEC's website. We use our investor.atmeta.com and meta.com/news websites as well as Mark Zuckerberg's Facebook profile (www.facebook.com/zuck), Instagram account (www.instagram.com/zuck), and Threads profile (www.threads.net/zuck) as means of disclosing material non-public information and for complying with our disclosure obligations under Regulation FD. The SEC maintains an Internet site that contains reports, proxy and information statements, and other information regarding issuers that file electronically with the SEC at www.sec.gov.The contents of the websites referred to above are not incorporated into this filing. Further, our references to the URLs for these websites are intended to be inactive textual references only.